The last lecture was quite a lot of work creating that basic angular app..
Let's now work on the index age team Ulfar.
So on our single page I'll create an age of five skeleton here and you can simply download one from
the Internet if your idea or editor doesn't have a quick way of generating one.
I'll give this a name or a title of angler's seed all the metal text you're OK.
And I will add at root here and I'll say loading in between so that we can see something Watson is loading
Yep I don't edit script import because my workflow web peg will do this automatically later.
App root of course is the selector of my root component here that's the index age HTML file of finished.
Let's now work on the POLLI falls.
We installed Korczak Yes.
And all I need to do here is I need to set or import coordinates as sex to get some features of ESX
6 to be supported across browsers and Gorgie.
Yes yes.
7 And here we need to reflect API basically.
I will also require soan dot J.S. slash dist slash Soden and I did three required as due to the way
to Sanches package is well packaged and how we can import from it.
Now with that created I'll go back to the main Katia's file and here at the top I now also want to reach
out to the the fields fall and make sure that this gets imported and is part of our overall bundle and
important I place it in this file at the top by purpose because this Poley fields fall should be loaded
first because otherwise of Java code transfer as well.
The other browsers don't benefit from the Poley feels being added that at the end we're being loaded
at the end that is already too late.
So dad is in HD and Poley Fultz finished.
Now let's continue and let's set up our development workflow.